1.  justify-content property : which aligns items horizontally
    and accepts the following values:

                                flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
                                flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
                                center: Items align at the center of the container.
                                space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
                                space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

2.  align-items property : aligns items vertically
    and accepts the following values:

                            flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
                            flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
                            center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
                            baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
                            stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

3.  flex-direction property : defines the direction items are placed in the container
    and accepts the following values:

                                row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
                                row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
                                column: Items are placed top to bottom.
                                column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

- Notice that when you set the direction to a reversed row or column, start and end are also reversed.

4.  order property : Specifies the order of the flex item.
    to individual items.
    By default, items have a value of 0
    but we can use this property to also set it to a positive or negative integer value(-2,-1, 0, 1, 2).

5.  align-self property : Aligns a flex item along the cross axis
    and accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item.

6.  flex-wrap property : Specifies whether flex items are forced on a single line or can be wrapped on multiple lines.
    and accepts the following values:

                            nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
                            wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
                            wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse

7.  flex-flow property :Shorthand property for flex-direction and flex-wrap.
    This shorthand property accepts the value of the two properties separated by a space
    For example : you can use(flex-flow: row wrap;) to set rows and wrap them.

8.  align-content property : Aligns a flex container's lines within the flex container when there is extra space on the cross-axis.
    to set how multiple lines are spaced apart from each other
    This property takes the following values:
                                flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
                                flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
                                center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
                                space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
                                space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
                                stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.
